So for the first exercise in which we're
moving to a single file components,
we're gonna essentially
take our vuex store and
move it into a separate,
single file component.
One thing to know as we move through this
exercise is that the GitHub repo for
frontend masters has various folders
within it with with the exercises.
So you may notice that vuex-sfc
is a subfolder within that,
it's actually a submodule.
So I have a separate repo in which
that lives which is this link, but
it is submoduled and
I'll show you what I mean by that.
So here I am actually checked into
my frontend masters vuex repo and
you can see that there
are various folders within it.
From your perspective, you don't really
have to think about submodules but
you can see that the vuex-sfc is there so
I can easily just cd into
that directory and
I'm automatically checked into step-0.
And so what you're trying to do is
that the store has nothing in it and
if you go here there is store
specific code in the component.
So you'll see cons.store in
vending machine admin.view,
we're moving that code into the store and
then linking the Store App in main.js.